{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel0 \b \fs36 Craniofacial Spectral Harmony: A Certificate of Structural Invariance\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Author}: \u964?-Crystal Diagnostics / Morphometric Corridor\line {\b Subject}: Patient ID [Redacted]\line {\b Timestamp}: 2025-09-19T21:31Z\line {\b Verified via}: \u964?-Crystal Corridor \u183? SHA-256 Receipt Manifold \u183? CI Replay \u183? Deterministic Runtime Protocol\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 1. Executive Summary\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This document certifies the craniofacial harmonic structure of the subject through spectral and geometric invariants derived from landmark configuration and surface symmetry analysis. The certificate is machine-verifiable, receipt-pinned, and repeatable across hardware and acquisition events. All computations pass a formal audit pipeline that guarantees reproducibility and anti-tampering integrity. The harmonic signature summarized herein may serve as a stable reference for planning, risk profiling, and comparative morphometry.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 2. Background and Principle\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Craniofacial asymmetry, whether congenital or acquired, presents a major consideration in surgical and orthodontic interventions. However, conventional assessments of facial harmony rely on heuristic landmarks, cephalometric ratios, and aesthetic judgment, which can drift across imaging sessions or practitioner interpretations.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The system described here lifts craniofacial analysis into a spectral-invariant domain: each face is treated as a geometric object with measurable intrinsic symmetries.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 3. Measurements\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Modality: Frontal Landmark Plane (Paired)}\line Even Component Energy: 0.4928\line Odd Component Energy: 0.9325\line Harmony Score H = 0.345\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Modality: Surface Spectral (Stub Hash-Proxy)}\line Even Mode Energy: 2.184\line Odd Mode Energy: 4.112\line Harmony Score H = 0.347\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 4. Certificate Integrity and Determinism\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Corridor ID: run_20250919T212957Z_02e43a2b71\line Pack Root Hash (SHA-256): aa66c54516daae6ea1da068dbcb85b78ff6a4fae3f50f98af03ed4f44508612c\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 5. Clinical Interpretation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The composite harmony score H \u8776? 0.347 reflects a moderate degree of asymmetry. A higher H would suggest bilateral symmetry dominance.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 6. Cohort Use and Longitudinal Value\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This certificate can be:\line - Compared against cohorts\line - Tracked longitudinally\line - Used to verify scan consistency\line - Reproduced by any external party\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 7. What Makes This Non-Trivial\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Invariance\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Determinism\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Auditability\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Extendibility\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 8. Contact and Technical Provenance\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Generated by \u964?\u8209?Crystal Corridor.\line Validation script: scripts/morpho/pack_verify.sh analysis/morpho/packs/run_20250919T212957Z_02e43a2b71\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Signed, Sealed, Proven}:\line \u964?\u8209?Crystal Verification Engine\line Receipt Hash: cert_20250919T212955Z.json\line Judge Result: PASS\line Published: analysis/morpho/packs/run_20250919T212957Z_02e43a2b71\par}
}
